documentation/README.md, before:

# Introduction



{% hint style="info" %}
[Source Code](https://github.com/anilkumarKanasani/House-Price-Prediction)
{% endhint %}

## Overview

In this House Sale Price Prediction ( HSPP ) project, we would like to implement various state of the art (SOTA) data science techniques to solve a given business problem. The business problem of HSPP is very clearly explained in [Business Problem](#user-content-fn-1)[^1] page.

As mentioned in the [Business Problem](broken-reference)[ ](business-problem.md), we have to predict the sale price ( numeric variable ) of a given house with given set of features. This is a regression problem. We will apply the following techniques to give statistical solution to boost the business performance.&#x20;

*   Data&#x20;

    * Exploratory Data Analysis
    * Feature Extraction (or) Featuring Engineering


*   Machine Learning Model&#x20;

    * Linear Regression Model Development
    * Gradient Boosting Regression Model Development


*   Testing

    * Unit Testing of each component
    * Integration Test of every component in pipeline
    * Differential Testing of two developed models


* Deployment
  * Shadow mode deployment

##

[^1]:

Commit message:

GITBOOK-4: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

documentation/README.md, after:

---
cover: >-
  .gitbook/assets/real-estate-3d-icon-of-house-with-contract-signed-and-coins-money-everything-checked-for-sale-sign-real-estate-agency-website-banner-2PHG29B.jpg
coverY: 0
---

# Introduction



{% hint style="info" %}
[Source Code](https://github.com/anilkumarKanasani/House-Price-Prediction)
{% endhint %}

## Overview

In this House Sale Price Prediction ( HSPP ) project, we would like to implement various state of the art (SOTA) data science techniques to solve a given business problem. The business problem of HSPP is very clearly explained in [Business Problem](#user-content-fn-1)[^1] page.

As mentioned in the [Business Problem](broken-reference)[ ](business-problem.md), we have to predict the sale price ( numeric variable ) of a given house with given set of features. This is a regression problem. We will apply the following techniques to give statistical solution to boost the business performance.&#x20;

*   Data&#x20;

    * Exploratory Data Analysis
    * Feature Extraction (or) Featuring Engineering


*   Machine Learning Model&#x20;

    * Linear Regression Model Development
    * Gradient Boosting Regression Model Development


*   Testing

    * Unit Testing of each component
    * Integration Test of every component in pipeline
    * Differential Testing of two developed models


* Deployment
  * Shadow mode deployment

##

[^1]:
